[CWS] Add requirement and troubleshooting sections for CWS network (#15481)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/cloud_workload_security/getting_started.md

  * SUSE 15+
  * CentOS/RHEL 7.6+
  * Custom kernel builds are not supported.

> * For compatibility a custom Kubernetes Network Plugin like Cilium or Calico, please refer to the [Troubleshooting page][3].

Reviewer: formatting

> * For compatibility with a custom Kubernetes Network Plugin like Cilium or Calico, please refer to the [Troubleshooting page][3].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For compatibility with a custom Kubernetes network plugin like Cilium or Calico, see the [Troubleshooting page][3].
```
